{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red251\green2\blue7;\red62\green0\blue63;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red237\green237\blue237;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10820\viewh16280\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clcbpat1 \clwWidth19220\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
email :\'a0\
email (again) :\'a0\'a0\cf3 needs to be able to verify that the email is same in both\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \
\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 name of requester: (max three words)\'a0\cf3 Do you imagine the form says in placeholder text the max word limit, or it\'92s just built into the interface and has error if message is over the max? in other words, do you imagine the max text as little jokes spread throughout the form or just practical, or both?\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \
\cf5 kind of both\'a0\
was also unsure as to how to approach\
i guess i see it like twitter\
if we do word counts then maybe a little ticker that shows how many words left like on twitter? maybe too difficult to program\'a0\cf6 \
\cf4 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 role: (max three words)\
\uc0\u8232 \
country: (dropdown or fill in in need be)\'a0\cf3 \

\f1 \cf4 \

\f0 \cf2 city: (list based on country dropdown or fill in in need be)\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 date: (calendar) or (winter, spring, summer, fall)\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 \
promoter name: \
venue name: \
venue address: \
venue website: \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
(all dropdowns)\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 type of event: (festival, solo show, other)\'a0\
type of performance: (dj set, ambient set, installation, noise set, live set (+ singing), collaboration with other artist,\'a0against\'a0all\'a0logic\'a0dj set)\
performance time: (45 minutes, 1 hour,\'a01h30, 2h,\'a02h30, 3h, 3h+)\
is this a residency (more than one show?) (yes, no)\'a0\
If yes, how many shows?\'a0\cf3 write in answer? or 
\f1 \cf5 1 to 10 ..?\cf6 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
venue capacity: (1-100, 100-200, 200-300, 400-700, 800-1,200 - 1,200-1,600 - 1,700 - 2,100, 2,100-3,000, 3,000+)\
venue sound system brand: 
\f1 \cf6 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 how many speakers: (surround, stereo, mono, 4)\
how many subs: (1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8+)\
is the bar in the same room as stage? (no always preferred): (yes, no)\
floor material: (wood, grass, sand, concrete, typical beer stained venue black floor)\
wall material: (wood, concrete, sound proofing stuff, outdoors, curtains, other)\
ceiling material: (wood, concrete, sound proofing stuff, outdoors, other)\
wall color: (black, white, red, other)\
ceiling color: (black, white, red, other)\
venue load in time: (times)\'a0\cf3 like \'917-10pm\'92\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl120\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb7 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb1 venue curfew time: (times: drop down or two boxes to fill in)\
catering at venue? (yes, no)\
\uc0\u8232 \
advance ticket price in euros: (free, 1-10, 10-20, 20-30, 30-40 -40+)\
door ticket price in euros: (free, 1-10, 10-20, 20-30, 30-40 -40+)\
sponsors? (yes, hopefully not, no)\
if so who? (max 9 words)\
\uc0\u8232 \
budget in euro (+flights, hotels, etc):\'a0
\i (only numbers allowed, 6 numbers max)
\i0 \
\uc0\u8232 \
why should this performance happen\'a0
\i (max 140 characters)
\i0 :\
other information\'a0
\i (max 140 characters)\'a0
\i0 :\
\uc0\u8232 \

\b these two last questions are the only ones that are not mandatory.\'a0\
}